doc: zigbee|matter: add section about memory footprint (#7358)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/app_memory.rst

For reference, you can find minimal footprint configurations of the :ref:`peripheral_lbs` sample in :file:`nrf/samples/bluetooth/peripheral_lbs/minimal.conf` and the :ref:`peripheral_uart` sample in :file:`nrf/samples/bluetooth/peripheral_uart/minimal.conf`.

.. _app_memory_matter:

Matter
******

Besides applying `General recommendations`_, you can also complete the following actions to optimize the :ref:`Matter <ug_matter>` part of your application:

> * Make sure Zephyr's :ref:`zephyr:shell_api` are disabled for your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Make sure Zephyr's :ref:`zephyr:shell_api` is disabled for your application.
```

>   These are listed in a dedicated section in each Matter sample's :file:`prj.conf` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Related configuration options are listed in a dedicated section in each Matter sample's :file:`prj.conf` file.
```

>   These are listed in a dedicated section in each Matter sample's :file:`prj.conf` file.

Reviewer: Maybe it's worth adding that for each sample there is a [prj_release.conf](https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/blob/main/samples/matter/light_bulb/configuration/nrf52840dk_nrf52840/prj_release.conf) with can be used as a first aid to reduce the footprint.

* Check `Thread`_ memory footprint optimization actions, as the Matter application layer uses OpenThread.

> 

Reviewer 2: Some other optimizations that can be made:

- Change default log level of Zephyr modules from info to warning (CONFIG_LOG_DEFAULT_LEVEL=2). That can be done assuming user logs doesn't use default log level, but define own one.
-  Change log level of Matter logs from debug to info (CONFIG_MATTER_LOG_LEVEL_INFO=y)
- Change verbosity of assert messages to lower value (CONFIG_ASSERT_VERBOSE=n)

  * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_ISR_STACK_SIZE`

For reference, you can find minimal footprint configurations for the single protocol and multiprotocol variants of the :ref:`ot_cli_sample` sample in :file:`nrf/samples/openthread/cli/overlay-minimal_*protocol.conf`.

Zigbee
******

The current Zigbee memory requirements are listed on the :ref:`zigbee_memory` page.

You can complete the following actions to optimize the :ref:`Zigbee <ug_zigbee>` part of your application:

* Disable features that your application does not use.
  For example, disable the following features:

  * Asserts
  * Logging

> * Make sure the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_RAM_POWER_DOWN_LIBRARY` is set to ``y``.

Reviewer 3: This feature optimizes the RAM power usage, not the RAM footprint
